hi this is a meal girls 97 and right now
I just finished this really really cool
custom lego star wars vehicle it is so
cool it is the best custom lego star
wars custom vehicle I've ever made ok
I'm going to show you how it goes okay
this is the back there's boosters it
goes like this way I'll take the camera
wait wait a second okay you see this
this is the side view this is the side
view the boost at the back there's a gun
here on the side and there's only two
wheels and because i only had two wheels
left and the legos I used to make this
the pieces i use is the imperial star
destroyer pieces okay here's a side view
yeah you saw everything then I'm going
to twist it around this is the front i'm
going to show you inside afterwards this
is the inside of the front as guns here
is light kind of oh by the way this is
inspired by the turbo tank kind of took
the idea but it's still custom um other
than that because it has two wheels I
had to put posts on because it to keep
it balanced I'll show you
so you saw that right there there's
posts see there's a gun on that one of
the front one and there's the back one
over there yeah that's about it then i'm
going to show you the inside
okay this is the inside of it it's
really cool it has lots of space this is
why build us as lots of space so see at
the front you see it there's a pallet
wait you can't oh wait no this the
backside here's the pile at the front
and then there's lots of space I put all
my chippers in there and don't have a
lot there's like 11 in here so they're
ready for war and here's this little
table to plan the attack there's my
commanders and then there's clones here
and clones hear the whole thing rolls
pretty well turns in everything yeah
that's about it about that um it's not
it's kind of fragile it's not very solid
some parts of it like the roof I can't
make it put on then it just opens like
this I have to take it off and its
really not solid to put it back on and a
few other things but other than that
really cool I'm really proud of this the
one I'm most proud of this was a mural
rules 97 please comment rate um I will
by the way I would accept any cowork any
movie um just private message me just
send me a message on YouTube and I'll
see um yeah bye